Create a Bootstrap Example (#260) (#321)
Mirrorful/mirrorful: examples/bootstrap-next/README.md

> This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) and includes [Mirrorful](https://www.mirrorful.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bootstrap + Mirrorful + Next

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project from [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) using Boostrap and includes [Mirrorful](https://www.mirrorful.com/).
```

## Getting Started

First, run the development server and install packages

```
yarn
```

```bash
yarn dev
```

> Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Reviewer: Could you copy the other example READMEs to explain how to run mirrorful? @semijacks

Author: Alright. I'll do that
